`Development`: Add string localization guidelines to documentation (#8132)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/guidelines/client.rst

============

1. Use single quotes for strings.
2. All strings visible to the user need to be localized (see next chapter)

8. Localization
===============

1. Make an entry in the corresponding ``i18n/{language}/{area}.json`` files for all languages Artemis supports (currently English and German).
2. To display the string in HTML files, use the ``jhiTranslate`` directive or the ``artemisTranslate`` pipe.
3. To ensure consistency, always choose the directive over the pipe whenever possible.

Do:

.. code-block:: html+ng2

    <span jhiTranslate="global.title"></span>

>     <!-- ok, because there is other content in the span aswell -->

Author: ```suggestion
    <!-- ok, because there is other content in the span as well -->
```
